ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Company Background

Apple Inc. designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and sells a variety of related services. The Company's fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September.

Products

iPhone
iPhone® is the Company's line of smartphones based on its iOS operating system. iPhone includes Siri®, FaceID and other Apple technologies to deliver innovative mobile experiences. iPhone is designed to work seamlessly with the Company's other products and services.

Mac
Mac® is the Company's line of personal computers based on its macOS® operating system. The Mac family of products includes laptops and desktops that are designed, manufactured and sold by the Company. Mac products are designed for high performance and ease of use.

iPad
iPad® is the Company's line of multipurpose tablets based on its iPadOS® operating system. iPad includes features such as Apple Pencil compatibility and augmented reality capabilities. iPad is designed to be portable and powerful.

Wearables, Home and Accessories  
Wearables, Home and Accessories includes:

AirPods®, the Company's wireless headphones, including AirPods Pro® and AirPods Max®
Apple TV®, the Company's media streaming and gaming device based on its tvOS® operating system
Apple Watch®, the Company's line of smart watches based on its watchOS® operating system
Beats® products
HomePod mini®, the Company's smart speaker
and accessories for the Company's other products

Services

Advertising
The Company's advertising services include third-party licensing arrangements and the Company's own advertising platforms.

AppleCare
AppleCare® offers AppleCare+ ("AC+") plans, which are paid subscription-based extended service and support products under the AppleCare brand.

Cloud Services  
The Company's cloud services include iCloud®, which provides customers with cloud storage for their photos, files, backups and more.

Digital Content
Digital content includes the App Store®, the Company's platform for discovering and downloading applications and games; the Company's video streaming and original content service, Apple TV+; the Company's audio and video subscription services, Apple Music®, Apple Podcasts®, Apple Fitness+® and others; and the Company's in-app purchases and subscriptions on its App Store platform.

Payment Services
Payment services include Apple Card®, Apple Cash and Apple Pay®, the Company's cashless payment service.

Markets and Distribution

The Company's customers are primarily in the consumer, small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise and government markets. The Company sells its products and services through its retail and online stores, its direct sales force, and third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and value-added resellers.

Competition

The markets for the Company's products and services are highly competitive. The Company faces competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established relationships with customers and suppliers.

The Company believes that it competes favorably because of the integration of the entire solution including the hardware, software, services and distribution.

The Company's competitive advantage includes:

• Ability to design and develop its own operating systems, hardware, application software and services
• Unique ability to provide seamless integration of hardware, software and services  
• Commitment to innovative design and high-quality products
• Strong ecosystem and brand loyalty
• Retail presence
• Global distribution network

Supply of Components

The Company depends on sole-sourced and limited-sourced components. The Company's business and financial performance could be adversely affected if it were unable to obtain sufficient quantities of components in a timely manner.

Intellectual Property

The Company believes ownership of copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and trade dress is important to its success. The Company vigorously protects its intellectual property.

Research and Development  

The Company believes focused investments in R&D are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace. The Company's R&D spending was $29.9 billion in fiscal 2024.

Environmental and Social Matters

The Company is committed to protecting the environment and believes in operating in an environmentally responsible way. The Company is carbon neutral for its global corporate operations, and aims to be carbon neutral across its entire supply chain and product life cycle by 2030.

Employees

As of September 28, 2024, the Company had approximately 164,000 full-time equivalent employees.


